"Kageyama"
"Hey, have you heard about
the shadow leader at Salt Middle School?"
"The one in the white T-shirt?"
"Pale and skinny?"
"You mean White T Poison,
right?"
"Apparently, he'll do anything."
"A slow-acting poison?"
"Miso Middle School's
Gang Leader: Fuji"
"Doubanjiang Middle School"
"Gang Leader: Kenzaki"
"Noodle Soup Base Middle School"
"Gang Leader: Akagi"
"Mayo Middle School"
"Gang Leader: Gozu"
"Soy Sauce Middle School"
"Gang Leader: Bandai"
"Onigawara: 1500" "Faction: 4"
"White T Poison" "Power: ???P"
"Hanazawa" "Power: 2800P"
"Kenzaki: 1000" "Faction: 5"
"Akagi: 1000" "Faction: 2"
"Gozu: 1100" "Faction: 5"
"Fuji Leadership: 1400"
"Extremist Faction: 3"
"Fuji: 1400" "Faction: 3"
"Bandai: 1300" "Diehards: 1"
"Mob Psycho 100"
"Exaltation"
"~I've Obtained Loss~"
"Top of"
"Teru's Head"
"Success Academy"
"Mob Psycho 100"
"Seasoning General" "Bank Note"
"Seasoning Bank"
"Ramen" "Chinese Soba"
"Student Council Room"
"Put on Muscle!"
"Put on Muscle! Burn the Fat!"
"Doubanjiang Middle School
Gang Leader: Kenzaki Yuuto"
"Mayo Middle School
Gang Leader: Gozu"
"Kamuro"
"Akagi" "Noodle Soup Base"
"Middle School Gang Leader"
"Bandai" "Soy Sauce"
"Mayo Middle School
Gang Leader: Gozu"
"Miso Middle School
Gang Leader: Fuji"
"The Older Brother Bows"
"~Destructive Intent~"